Change RBAC management policy to Basic by default (#55)
projectsyn/component-crossplane: README.md

After writing the documentation, please use the `make docs-vale` command and correct any warnings raised by the tool.

## Local installation for testing purposes

`make install` allows you to install the operator in a local (kind) cluster.

> This targe installs the component Crossplane in a local cluster. This component uses the Prometheus Operator and to install the last one, we use this [guide](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator#quickstart)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The target installs the component Crossplane in a local cluster. This component uses [Prometheus Operator](https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator#quickstart).
```

> Note: the namespace in the ClusterRoleBinding needs to be updated as we're deploying in a namespace other than the default namespace, that's why we have `kind/prometheus-operator-cluster-role-binding.yaml`

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: It's a bit weird that you primarily talk about the Prometheus Operator. At first I was confused what component I'm reviewing again :sweat_smile:

Author: yes, that's true, now that you said it, it's a bit confusing. I'll update the explanation
